e:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OptimizedJSONTest\OptimizedJSONTest\bin\OptimizedJSONTest.dll.config
e:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OptimizedJSONTest\OptimizedJSONTest\bin\OptimizedJSONTest.dll
e:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OptimizedJSONTest\OptimizedJSONTest\bin\OptimizedJSONTest.pdb
e:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OptimizedJSONTest\OptimizedJSONTest\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
e:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OptimizedJSONTest\OptimizedJSONTest\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
e:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OptimizedJSONTest\OptimizedJSONTest\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
e:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OptimizedJSONTest\OptimizedJSONTest\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
e:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OptimizedJSONTest\OptimizedJSONTest\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
e:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OptimizedJSONTest\OptimizedJSONTest\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
e:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OptimizedJSONTest\OptimizedJSONTest\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
e:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OptimizedJSONTest\OptimizedJSONTest\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
e:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OptimizedJSONTest\OptimizedJSONTest\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
e:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OptimizedJSONTest\OptimizedJSONTest\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
e:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OptimizedJSONTest\OptimizedJSONTest\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
e:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OptimizedJSONTest\OptimizedJSONTest\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
e:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OptimizedJSONTest\OptimizedJSONTest\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
e:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OptimizedJSONTest\OptimizedJSONTest\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
e:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OptimizedJSONTest\OptimizedJSONTest\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
e:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OptimizedJSONTest\OptimizedJSONTest\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
e:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OptimizedJSONTest\OptimizedJSONTest\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
e:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OptimizedJSONTest\OptimizedJSONTest\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
e:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OptimizedJSONTest\OptimizedJSONTest\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
e:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OptimizedJSONTest\OptimizedJSONTest\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
e:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OptimizedJSONTest\OptimizedJSONTest\obj\Debug\OptimizedJSONTest.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
e:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OptimizedJSONTest\OptimizedJSONTest\obj\Debug\OptimizedJSONTest.dll
e:\users\alex\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OptimizedJSONTest\OptimizedJSONTest\obj\Debug\OptimizedJSONTest.pdb
C:\Users\alex__000\Documents\GitHub\OptimizedJSONTest\OptimizedJSONTest\obj\Debug\OptimizedJSONTest.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\alex__000\Documents\GitHub\OptimizedJSONTest\OptimizedJSONTest\bin\OptimizedJSONTest.dll.config
C:\Users\alex__000\Documents\GitHub\OptimizedJSONTest\OptimizedJSONTest\bin\OptimizedJSONTest.dll
C:\Users\alex__000\Documents\GitHub\OptimizedJSONTest\OptimizedJSONTest\bin\OptimizedJSONTest.pdb
C:\Users\alex__000\Documents\GitHub\OptimizedJSONTest\OptimizedJSONTest\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\alex__000\Documents\GitHub\OptimizedJSONTest\OptimizedJSONTest\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\alex__000\Documents\GitHub\OptimizedJSONTest\OptimizedJSONTest\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\alex__000\Documents\GitHub\OptimizedJSONTest\OptimizedJSONTest\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\alex__000\Documents\GitHub\OptimizedJSONTest\OptimizedJSONTest\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\alex__000\Documents\GitHub\OptimizedJSONTest\OptimizedJSONTest\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\alex__000\Documents\GitHub\OptimizedJSONTest\OptimizedJSONTest\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\alex__000\Documents\GitHub\OptimizedJSONTest\OptimizedJSONTest\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\alex__000\Documents\GitHub\OptimizedJSONTest\OptimizedJSONTest\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
C:\Users\alex__000\Documents\GitHub\OptimizedJSONTest\OptimizedJSONTest\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\alex__000\Documents\GitHub\OptimizedJSONTest\OptimizedJSONTest\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\alex__000\Documents\GitHub\OptimizedJSONTest\OptimizedJSONTest\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
C:\Users\alex__000\Documents\GitHub\OptimizedJSONTest\OptimizedJSONTest\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\alex__000\Documents\GitHub\OptimizedJSONTest\OptimizedJSONTest\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\alex__000\Documents\GitHub\OptimizedJSONTest\OptimizedJSONTest\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\alex__000\Documents\GitHub\OptimizedJSONTest\OptimizedJSONTest\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\alex__000\Documents\GitHub\OptimizedJSONTest\OptimizedJSONTest\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\alex__000\Documents\GitHub\OptimizedJSONTest\OptimizedJSONTest\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\alex__000\Documents\GitHub\OptimizedJSONTest\OptimizedJSONTest\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\alex__000\Documents\GitHub\OptimizedJSONTest\OptimizedJSONTest\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\alex__000\Documents\GitHub\OptimizedJSONTest\OptimizedJSONTest\obj\Debug\OptimizedJSONTest.dll
C:\Users\alex__000\Documents\GitHub\OptimizedJSONTest\OptimizedJSONTest\obj\Debug\OptimizedJSONTest.pdb
